Hey, okay, Mom, um,
Chale just got off the phone
with his parents.
Oh, please tell me
June 17th works
for the wedding.
Luckily, my mother
had to pull out
of her archery tournament.
She refuses to wear
her new glasses,
and last month,
she killed a dairy cow.
S-So...?
So, what Chale is trying
to say is, we're good.
The 17th is on.
Okay, great!
So, we got -- we got parents,
we got deejay,
we got reception hall.
Yeah, not only
does that date work,
it's the only date
that does work.
Hey, honey, um, looks like
June 17th for the wedding,
so let's talk to Father Philip
about reserving the church.
Hold up. The 17th?
Nobody checked with me.
My dance card
is pretty full. Hold on.
Yeah, no go.
Mets are playing
the Padres,
and I'm probably going
with the boys.
You'd choose a Met game
over your daughter's wedding?
You think
I would really do that?
You're my little peanut,
and I love you.
Come on.
You just realized
it's an away game, didn't you?
I did.
They're in San Diego.
* I am not your ordinary guy
Mass is really packed.
I-I-- It's gonna be tough
finding a spot.
Yeah, well, that's why I said
we should have left earlier.
Ooh, ooh! Family getting in
an SUV right there.
Yeah, exactly --
it's a family, Donna.
That's three kids
you got to get buckled in,
hand out juice boxes
before you even start the car.
It's a whole ordeal.
Oh, oh! Dad, look.
11:00 -- single male
headed towards his Corolla.
Yep. I'm on it.
That guy?
He's on his phone.
Yeah. He's got pep
in his step.
He's got things going on.
I like it.
He's already in his car.
Ah! I think
you're making a mistake.
Kids are already
in their seats.
They have their juice.
Yeah, that family's
pulling out any second.
Are you kidding me?
He's adjusting the mirrors.
Oh, come --
It's a straight backup, guy!
Yes.
Car's about to pull out.
You already got it
in reverse!
Take your foot
off the brake, idiot!
Church parking lot, Dad.
Yep. Gotcha.
The space is open.
Go, go, go!
All right.
( Engine revs )
( Tires screech )
Oh, man!
Aah! Old lady.
Really, Mrs. Dooley?!
With your big calves.
Hustle!
( Horn honks )
Did you see that? He pulled in
right in front of me!
That was my spot!
That son of a...
Church, Dad!
Yep. Gotcha.
Don't we know that guy?
That's Terry Labasco.
Who's Terry Tabasco?
Labasco. He's this guy
your dad hates
from high school.
I don't hate him, okay?
I don't hate anybody.
Hey, we don't use
that word "hate"
in this family.
K-Gable!
Hey, Meatball!
Were you waiting
for that spot?
Did you beep?
I can't hear a thing
in my Benz.
With those Bose speakers
playing,
it sounds like Tony Bennett's
in the back seat.
( Both laugh )
It's fine. I-I'll just find
another place to park.
Okay. If I was you,
I'd park it at Dunkin' Donuts.
That way, you can kill
a couple of birds
with one stone.
( Both laugh )
Man, I hate that guy.
**
All right, now, your mother
and I got to talk
to Father Philip,
so, uh, why don't you
go find some seats, okay?
Okay.
Terry!
I hear Bridget's engaged!
Congratulations!
Thank you, Father.
We are so excited.
Um, we'd like to reserve
the church for June 17th.
I'm sorry --
June 17th?
Yeah, um, 'cause that actually
was the date
that we wanted to reserve
for Kendra's wedding, so --
Well, you know, we call this
in theology "awkward."
Well, Father,
I did kind of ask first.
Wait -- But I --
But I waved,
and I kind of
wiggled my fingers,
which is sign language
for "We need to talk," so...
Um, I've got
a ton of deaf friends.
Pretty sure
that's not true.
Okay, look, you stole
my parking spot.
You're not stealing
our wedding date, okay?
I didn't take your spot,
Gable.
I just didn't want
to be late for Mass,
like some families are.
Okay. I was waiting
for Mrs. Dooley.
I try every day
to put others before me --
mostly because of
your teachings, Father.
Thank you, Kevin, but, guys,
this is not a competition.
Of course not.
No!
It's just that
the thing is,
our son-in-law's
parents,
they are traveling
from England,
and so it's really
the only date
that works
for all of us.
I got peeps
coming from Wichita.
Wichita.
I could ride a bike
from Wichita, okay?
Enough with the eyes, okay?
I get it.
The bottom line is,
I cannot budge on the date.
Well, neither can we.
But --
Well, then,
we've got ourselves
a situation, pork chop.
Well, then, maybe we do,
because, listen to me --
Well, well --
Guys, guys, guys, please.
Let me think about this.
I'm running
on two hours' sleep.
Sister Mary
polished off the Red Bull.
I will get back to you.
Absolutely. Thank you, Father.
God bless.
Thank you, Father.
Thank you.
Y-yes.
God bless you, Father.
God bless you all.
And everybody here
at Saint Rocco's.
Everybody. Blessings,
blessings. Blessings.
**
Congratulations
to Father Benedict,
who crushed
in the dance competition
at the parish picnic.
Pfft! Robot.
Who knew?
Unfortunately,
he did shatter his knee,
so, bottom line,
he's not gonna be able to host
this Saturday's
pancake breakfast.
So if I can get someone
to fill in,
I'd really owe them.
Sign-up sheet for that
is on the bulletin board
in the hallway.
It's also time
for our annual mission trip.
( Suspenseful music plays )
If you've never been
a part of this,
I'm telling you,
it's a life-changing event.
This year, we will be
heading to Guatemala
to help the people there.
We're roughing it.
Hey, hey!
No, no, no, no, no!
You looking for this?
Well, you ain't got a shot
at getting that date.
You know why? 'Cause once
Father Philip sees me...
teach breastfeeding
to first-time mothers?
Oh. Meatball,
you grabbed the wrong one.
Now while you're busy
taking off your blouse,
I'll be flipping
and dishing out pancakes
all the way
to my kid's wedding.
Sweet.
**
Hey, baby.
I made you lunch.
Whoa. Nice tool belt.
Is that the last belt
you got that fits?
( Stammers mockingly )
Just doing
a little volunteering
down at the church.
From time to time,
I like to give back.
( Chuckles )
Since when?
Ah, it's been, what, uh,
got to be three days,
huh, hon?
Since we've been trying
to lock down the date
for your wedding.
Wait -- "trying"?
Is there a problem?
We didn't want to tell you,
but the Labascos
kind of want the same date
for their daughter's --
( Babbles )
We're gonna get you the date,
all right?
And you know why?
'Cause good things
happen to good people,
and we --
we're good people.
Exactly.
Now, if Terry Labasco
tries any crap today,
you take him down.
Oh, he's going down
"good people" style.
Dad, the Gables
have assured me June 17th,
so, uh,
we can lock you in.
Well, consider me
locked, then.
Uh-oh!
What is that
I feel behind me?
Hello, Chalie-puss!
( Chuckles )
Hello, Mums.
Hi, guys!
( Giggles )
Oh. Hello, Kendra.
Hello.
I see you're in
your waitress uniform.
Uh --
Okay, uh,
I'll let you guys go,
and, uh, I'll see you
on the 17th.
Bye-bye, Chalie-puss!
( Smooches )
Bye, guys!
I can't wait to see...
you.
( Chuckles )
You know,
if I didn't know any better,
I'd say your parents
aren't crazy about me.
Hey, that's not true!
Okay, maybe they're not
100% sold on you.
Sold on me?
Well, you're the one
doing the selling.
I mean, what are you
telling them?
Well, I've been hitting the
law-school thing pretty hard,
but they really locked in
on the pizza-waitress thing.
Oh, and the short temper.
Short temper?!
Yeah, that one.
So it's true --
They don't like me.
Well, look, at least
my parents are in England,
so we just tap a button
and they go away.
What's that
supposed to mean?
Just that you have to suffer
a Skype for 30 seconds,
and I have had to suffer
for a year.
( Scoffs )
Like it's been that bad.
What?!
With your father?
( As Kevin )
"Oh, uh, guy, guy!
That's the good bologna.
Yeah, don't touch it.
Guy, if that's the last
ice cream sandwich,
I'm gonna end your life."
( Normal voice ) He threatened
to kill me over ice cream.
Is it really
that hard to take?
They let you live here
for free.
Oh, great. Thank you
for reminding me.
No one's said that to me
in, like, over 12 minutes.
All right, you know what?
I got to go to work.
I just came in here
to kiss you goodbye.
Oh, great.
Well, let's tick that
off your to-do list.
Fine!
Mmm!
Oh, fireworks!
Yeah, right back at you,
Chalie-puss.
**
Oh, hey,
Father Philip.
Dimmer switch
is installed.
Oh, a little
late-night Bible reading,
but you don't have
enough light?
You just kick it up
a notch.
Oh --
Some older nuns visiting,
not quite the lookers
they once were.
You bring it down.
Very nice, Kevin.
Thank you.
Uh, Father, I noticed
that the door was creaking,
so I replaced the hinges,
and you know
what they sound like now?
That.
Father, I put up
those pictures right there,
so I just want you
to know that.
Did you use a level,
Kevin?
They look a little crooked.
Maybe it's me.
No, it's you.
They're perfect.
All right, guys, listen --
the church appreciates
all the work that you've done,
but I think maybe it's time
we call it a day.
Absolutely, Father.
I agree. I agree.
Although, Father, I did notice
a few marks on the floor.
I could buff those out
in the blink of an eyeball.
Really not necessary.
( Rock music plays )
Hey, Gable!
That's a cute little machine
you got there.
My grandma's got one
just like it.
They let her use one of these
in prison?
Yeah, you know what,
Labasco?
You're not winning
this thing. I am.
Why don't you do yourself
and that poor machine a favor?
Unsaddle, go home,
pick another wedding date.
Not happening.
Here's something
you don't know about me.
What, your cholesterol's
under 550?
No -- I never give up!
Rrrrrrrr!!
( Grunting )
Hey! Hey! Hey!
What is going on?
Gable's out of control,
Father. He's been...
No, I-I was just cleaning
the floors.
Just be more careful.
I have a lot
on my plate today.
Sister Connie's sick,
and I have no one
to teach her Catechism class.
Oh, I think you do.
**
I am Mr. Gable, and I will be
filling in for Sister Connie,
who's a little bit
under the weather.
Is Sister going to die?
What?
Oh.
No, no, no, no, no.
I mean, I guess someday,
she's gonna die.
I mean, we're all gonna die
someday, right?
We're gonna die?
Uh, you know what?
Let's switch it up.
Everybody stand up.
We're gonna stretch it out.
Let's stretch things out --
Let's get the arms going,
get some blood flowing.
Now let's go the other way,
circles back the other way.
This is weird.
No, no, no.
This is Catechism.
Aren't we supposed to be
learning about religion?
Okay, fine.
Everybody sit down.
Okay, let's --
let's talk about religion.
Uh...
What do you want to know?
Is God real?
'Cause my uncle says he's not.
Of course God's real.
How do you know?
Well, um...
Okay.
**
1986 -- The Mets
are one out away
from losing the World Series
to the Boston Red Sox.
Mookie Wilson hits
an easy ground ball
towards first base
that will end it all.
Across town, a wiry
16-year-old from Massapequa
says a prayer,
and God heard me.
'Cause He opened the legs
of the great Bill Buckner,
that ball rolled through,
and the Mets won the Series.
Um, didn't people also pray
for the Red Sox to win?
Mm, apparently,
not hard enough, right?
( Chuckles )
Kevin?
Oh.
I was kind of hoping
you'd stick
to the source material.
Oh, yeah. Yeah.
Um, I hit them
with a little straight talk,
and then
I get to this stuff.
Actually, Father,
if you don't mind, uh...
Kids, we know
that God exists,
because, well,
He is existence.
He's in every single one
of us.
He's in our heart,
He's in our minds,
His beauty's in the sun
that rises,
and the moon that gives off
that perfect night light.
The fact that we exist
is proof positive
that God Himself exists.
( Groans )
Actually,
that is spot-on.
( Applause )
Oh, no, no.
No, no.
That a-and --
and the Mets.
The sun, the moon,
It's all spot-on.
Spot-on.
**
Hey.
We need to up our game.
What?
Labasco --
He's leaving us in the dust.
I can't stand the guy!
Okay, all right. Relax,
because I'm way ahead of you.
There is a big fundraising
dinner at the church.
I'm gonna make a pan
of my famous teriyaki chicken.
Hmm?
Oof.
What?
Well, it's mostly famous
for me not being able
to go to work the next day.
Uh, what should I make,
then?
Two words -- lasagna.
Okay. ( Snaps fingers )
That's one word.
No, it's Italian.
"La zagna" -- "the zagna."
( Door opens )
Hey, guys.
Hey.
Um, okay, so,
I-I know that you guys
have been trying really hard
to get that wedding date --
Yeah, and we're gonna get it
for you. You're good.
Yeah, well, we were
actually thinking, you know,
maybe it'd be better
to push it back a bit.
What's...the matter?
Well, it turns out Chale and I
still have
a lot to talk about.
Y-Yes, this morning,
we discovered
we have some issues
festering beneath the surface.
Okay, well, you're
getting married on the 17th,
so slap a Band-Aid
on your issues, okay?
'Cause there's no way
Terry Labasco
is winning this one.
**
Hey.
That's my spot.
What, are you trying
to take my job?
( Laughs )
That's a good one, Father.
No, no, no,
I -- I-I heard you saying
how run-down
the confessional was getting,
so I just -- I just wanted
to fix the hinge,
and I replaced the ripped
cushion with a new one.
W-Why don't you give it
a try?
All right.
Oh, wow!
This is a sweet ride!
Huh?
Yeah.
Thank you, Kevin.
Don't thank me.
Thank the Lord.
He's the one guiding me.
( Groans )
Bless me, Father,
for I have sinned.
It's been three weeks
since my last confession.
Oh, uh, no, no.
I'm n--
I have been very unkind
to a fellow parishioner.
It goes back
to grade school.
Who knew that Kevin Gable
would turn out to be
a good guy?
Go on.
Back in the day,
I was so jealous of him.
He was so funny.
He was a --
He was a large boy.
Everybody loves the large boy,
you know?
And now I'm just acting
like a jerk all over again,
because we want
the same stupid wedding date.
And I know, Father,
I should be charitable
and just let him have it.
But...
you know, it just comes back
to my heart issues,
my -- my -- my --
my ticker.
My cardiologist wants to try
the baboon heart.
It's not gonna match.
They never match.
( Voice breaking )
I just want to
last long enough
to see my little girl
get married.
You know?
**
( Sighs ) Hey.
Hey!
Introducing
Donna Gable's...
( Italian accent )
authentic Italian lasagna!
( Normal voice )
Heads-up -- I may have
lost an earring in that one.
Yeah, we got to give, uh,
Terry Labasco the date.
What?
Trust me, it means a lot more
to him than it does to us.
What happened?
( Exhales sharply )
I learned some stuff today --
some personal stuff.
He...has
a heart condition.
Really? Are you sure?
I'm sure. He was
in my confessional today.
What?
( Sighs )
He thought I was a priest.
Look, if I walk you
through it,
you'd realize
it's not a big deal.
So...he's really sick?
Yeah, he might not even
make it
to his daughter's wedding.
Oh, man.
Yeah.
Oh, that's really sad.
It makes you
think about stuff.
And this was
a big, fat waste of time!
What are we gonna do
with all this lasagna?
I'll take care of it
for you.
No. It's going
to the church.
Absolutely. All right, I will
just load them in the car.
Not a chance.
Hey. Guys.
Um, okay, so, we just wanted
to apologize.
Yes. You were right,
Mr. Gable. We were being
very silly.
Yeah, and we talked,
and we realized just how much
we love each other.
So we are good to go
on the 17th!
Yeah, it's not gonna happen.
She'll fill you in
on the deets.
**
You're not gonna
usher your way
to that date, pal.
Terry, you can have
the date, okay?
What?
I already talked
to Father Philip.
It's yours.
Wow.
Yeah,
and you know what?
Enjoy the day, and...
Actually,
enjoy every day.
Thanks.
My -- My little girl --
she's just gonna be
so hap-- happy.
Yeah.
( Organ playing )
Linda.
Hey.
I wanted to let you know
that Kevin and I
decided to give you guys
the date.
Thank you.
Yeah, and -- and please know
that I'm here for you.
O-Okay.
Also, I'm a nurse,
so if you need anything
or you want any referrals,
please reach out to me, okay?
What are you
talking about?
( Clicks tongue )
Terry's heart condition.
Okay.
Thank you.
Oh, there you go.
Beautiful. Thank you.
Thank you.
You know my situation.
Why would you do this
to me?
He's lying. He doesn't have
a heart condition.
He played you.
He confessed.
No, he knew it was you.
I just talked
to his wife.
I lit a candle for him!
Hey, Labasco,
how you feeling?
What are you
talking about?
I know you're not dying.
Oh, yeah?
Who said I was?
"Father Kevin"?
Well, you know what?
You can
kiss that date goodbye.
Oh, no.
No. It's mine.
Never.
Mine.
( Sighs deeply )
( Dramatic music plays )
( Both grunting )
( Music stops )
Father.
( Music, grunting resume )
**
I was just trying to do
something nice
for my daughter,
and...well,
it got away from me.
Mm-hmm.
Of course, you know about the
stick fight
outside the church.
That's probably why neither
family is getting the 17th.
Mm-hmm.
Is that a done deal,
by the way?
Yes.
Yeah.
Is that all?
Yes.
All right.
No.
About an hour ago, I sat
in a handicapped parking spot
and ate
an entire tray of lasagna
that I promised my wife
I would give to the church.
So...
there's nothing left?
There may be a corner.
There isn't.
**
* Don't want
no sweet perfume *
* Shake your thing,
go bust your move *
* Do, do, do, do, do
* Do, do, do, do
* Ohhhhhh, yeah
* Don't want
no high-heel shoes *
* I just don't want no...